Default to new Kubernetes backend for off-host execution (#871)
rstudio/helm: charts/rstudio-connect/README.md

## Upgrade guidance

### 0.10.0

> - Chart version 0.10.0 changes the default execution backend to use a new Off-Host Execution implementation: `backends.kubernetes.enabled` now defaults to `true` and `launcher.enabled` now defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 0.20.1

- Chart version 0.20.1 changes the default execution backend to use a new Off-Host Execution implementation: `backends.kubernetes.enabled` now defaults to `true` and `launcher.enabled` now defaults to `false`.
```
